Remove deprecated aggregation fields (#6027)
neo4j/graphql: .changeset/quick-eagles-join.md

---
"@neo4j/graphql": major
---

> Remove deprecated fields `*aggregate` in favor of the `aggregate` field in connections. Remove flag "deprecatedAggregateOperations"

Reviewer: If you like it:
```suggestion
Remove deprecated fields `*aggregate` in favor of the `aggregate` field in connections. Remove option `deprecatedAggregateOperations` from the `excludeDeprecatedFields` setting.
```
